Initial commit with action github action code (#1)
IBM/code-engine-github-action: README.md

# Code Engine GitHub Action

This GitHub Action allows you to interact with IBM Cloud Code Engine. Deploy Apps, Jobs, and Functions. It offers flexibility for different deployment types and provides various configuration options.

## Inputs

| Name            | Required | Default Value |Description |
|-----------------|----------|---------------|----------------------------------------------------------------|
| `api-key`       | ✅      | -             | IAM API Key used to log into the IBM Cloud. Please store your IBM Cloud API key securely in your GitHub repository Secrets.|
| `resource-group`| ❌       | Default       | An IBM Cloud Resource Group, a logical container for organizing and managing related cloud resources.|

> | `region`        | ✅      | -             | The geographical area where your Code Engine project is located.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `region`        | ✅      | -             | The geographical area where your Code Engine project is located, like `eu-de` |
```

> | `project`       | ✅      | -             | A Code Engine Project, grouping your Apps, Functions, and Jobs.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `project`       | ✅      | -             | The unique identifier (GUID) or the name that identifies your IBM Cloud Code Engine project. |
```

> | `entity`        | ✅      | -             | The type of entity to deploy (App, Function, Job). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `component`        | ✅      | -             | The type of component to deploy. allowed values `app`, `function`, `job` |
```

| `name`          | ✅      | -             | The name of the App, Function, or Job.|
| `runtime`       | ❌ | -             | The runtime used for the Function. Currently supported `nodejs-18` and `python-3.11` see [IBM Code Engine Function Runtimes](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/codeengine?topic=codeengine-fun-runtime) for more information.|
| `build-source`  | ❌       | .             | Path to the directory containing the source code.|

> | `cpu`           | ❌       | -             | CPU value set for your entity [Config for Functions](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/codeengine?topic=codeengine-fun-runtime), [Codeengine Memory CPU combo](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/codeengine?topic=codeengine-mem-cpu-combo)|

Reviewer: link must point to cpu mem values that are allowed: https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/codeengine?topic=codeengine-mem-cpu-combo

Author: Already in the description
